WELCOME KELLY CLARKSON!
[ CHEERS AND APPLAUSE ]
♪ I WONDER HOW
I EVER MADE IT
THROUGH A DAY ♪
♪ HOW DID I
SETTLE FOR A WORLD
WITH SHADES OF GRAY ♪
♪ WHEN YOU GO IN CIRCLES
ALL THE SCENERY
LOOKS THE SAME ♪
♪ YOU DON'T KNOW WHY
THEN I LOOKED INTO YOUR EYES ♪
♪ WHERE THE ROAD STRETCHED OUT
IN FRONT OF ME ♪
♪ AND I REALIZED
I NEVER LIVED BEFORE YOUR LOVE ♪
♪ I NEVER FELT BEFORE YOUR TOUCH
I NEVER NEEDED ANYONE
TO MAKE ME FEEL ALIVE ♪
♪ BUT THEN I WASN'T
REALLY LIVING ♪
♪ I NEVER LIVED
BEFORE YOUR LOVE ♪
♪ I WANTED MORE
THAN AN ORDINARY LIFE ♪
♪ ALL MY DREAMS
SEEMED LIKE CASTLES
IN THE SKY ♪
♪ I STAND BEFORE YOU
WITH MY HEART IN YOUR HANDS ♪
♪ AND I DON'T KNOW HOW
I SURVIVED WITHOUT YOUR KISS ♪
♪ BECAUSE YOU'RE GIVING ME
A REASON TO EXIST ♪
♪ I NEVER LIVED
BEFORE YOUR LOVE ♪
♪ I NEVER FELT
BEFORE YOUR TOUCH ♪
♪ I NEVER NEEDED ANYONE
TO MAKE ME FEEL ALIVE ♪
♪ BUT THEN AGAIN
I WASN'T REALLY LIVING ♪
♪ I NEVER LIVED
BEFORE YOUR LOVE ♪
HOW YO DOIN'?
♪ AND I DON'T KNOW WHY
WHY THE SUN DECIDES TO SHINE ♪
♪ BECAUSE YOU BREATHE YOUR LOVE
INTO ME JUST IN TIME ♪
♪ I NEVER LIVED
BEFORE YOUR LOVE ♪
♪ I NEVER FELT
BEFORE YOUR TOUCH ♪
♪ I NEVER NEEDED ANYONE
TO MAKE ME FEEL ALIVE ♪
♪ BUT THEN AGAIN
I WASN'T REALLY LIVING ♪
♪ I NEVER LIVED
BEFORE YOUR LOVE ♪♪
[ CHEERS AND APPLAUSE ]